# FighterAIModel
Building Fighter AI model using Reinforcement Learning

In this project, we have set up a Fighter AI Model using the Reinforcement Learning. In this project, we have used the Gym and Gym-Retro packages in order to set up our fighter environment model. We have used ROM to set up the fighter model using the Gym-Retro environment. We have initially calculated the fight rewards to check how the fighter is performing based on the model. We have performed the preprocessing on the model to gray scaling, changing the pixels of the environment frame and reshaping the pixels of the model.
After performing the preprocessing steps of the model, we have started working on the hyper parameter tuning of the model in order to check the best model based on the rewards provided by the fighter performance. We are training the model that has the given the best performance based on the hyper parameter tuning output. We have setup call back functions in order to deal with the changing metrics of the fighter model. After training the model, we are evaluating the best model that we got from the tuning. We are taking the mean reward function as our metric for the model. We are testing our model based on the fighter performance.
Initially we need to create folders for logging, training and rom: roms/,train/, and logs/ folders in the directory where we run our code
After doing the hyperparameter tuning we can get the models and the best model will be considered in training and also used for evaluating the model
